---
title: About Custom Boy
---
Custom Boy is a hobby that continues to grow out of control.

From an early age, I've always had an interest in taking things apart and
figuring out how they work. The older I get - the more I want to open up
anything I own.

The journey started in my early teens when I couldn't afford to buy all the
Playstation games I wanted to play. I spent a month or two saving up all my
pocket money and somehow convinced my father (who at the time had never
purchased anything online) to buy me a mod-chip from a website that looked
less than convincing. Once it arrived I begged him to buy me a soldering iron
and I went to work. 

I neglected to tell them the whole story. They didn't need to know that I was
about to open up a console they'd spent hours queuing for the year before.

After a little trial and error with the soldering iron and some confusing
trying to follow the instructions, I had the mod-chip installed. I connected
the Playstation to the power and it booted up! Only one issue, I didn't have
any games. So I spent another few weeks and did a little more begging before I
had one of those. From there though, it was magic.

Over the years I've done a few other mod-chip/firmware flashing mods to
certain consoles. I've even repaired controllers and fixed a few RROD issues
on the Xbox360.

Custom Boy was born when I purchased an old Game Boy for a bit of nostalgia
and decided to take it to pieces. This journey then took me down a path of
screen mods, case re-shells, speaking mods and so on.

After the Game Boy, I then purchased a Game Boy Color. Then a Game Boy Advance
and this has led to the creation of Custom Boy, so I can share my journey and
work with others. More recently I've even fixed up a PSP-1000 that I found
with a broken LCD.

Custom Boy is UK based and we offer quick and tracked delivery. We offer a
bespoke building service. This means you can build the Game Boy you've always
wanted and we have some exciting plans for the future. Any bespoke system can
take up to 14 days to build but we aim to have the system in your hands well
before that.
